
Through working on a project to algorithmically trade cryptocurrencies, I gained experience working in a team on a large project, most accutely the value of scalability and proving correctness. These problems came about from the paradigm of using an imperitive language such as C, where proving correctness is time consuming, and although there is type-checking, C is neither memory safe nor type safe, and both brings risks and slows down production.
I have always viewed programming as a mathematical problem, and especially enjoy using generic and functional approaches to solving problems. I pride myself in making mathematically correct and scalable algorithms, and I'm applying to Jane Street because of these values. In particular, I enjoy using Haskell as part of my course, especially for its type system and ability to make mathematcially elegant solutions.
Taking a degree in mathematics and computing science has above all given me the skills to link ideas. I particularly enjoy working with data analysis, and in creating algorithms, and I would like to persue my interests in these fields through work at Jane Street.
I also view that the financial sector faces many changes from technology, and will change dramatically in the coming years, as it has been until now. Computing has and will continue to make change in finance. I want to drive this change.

Taking a degree in mathematics and computer science has above all given me the skills to link ideas. This comes firstly in my approach to computing problems, in searching for clear and concise mathematical solutions to problems, but also in searching for links in other areas. The role of computing in finance has been of great interest to me, firstly through algorithmic trading using techniques such as machine learning, about which I wrote a research paper, and more recently with the adoption of blockchain technology and its potential to make finance more operationally efficient in the years ahead, which I believe will be the most significant change to finance in the coming years. Through working on a project to algorithmically trade cryptocurrencies, I learned both about working on large projects, and about finance. The project has forced me to overcome both computer science problems, and methodically planning, testing, and developing trading algorithms.
